# Frederick-Evian
Frederick Evian  Edit Profile Experience So Far:  Today, Frederick Evian experience and management skills ensure that quality, safety and customer service is achieved by the company every day, on every project. He is known among Team Members and clients for fostering collaboration that leads to successful problem-solving and the construction of buildings that become sources of pride and satisfaction. Background Who is Frederick Evian    Frederick Evian (born April 22, 1963) engineer, entrepreneur, project engineer and managing director in the construction industry, also in other industries, known as the founder of Frederick Constructions. Frederick is responsible for the day-to-day operations, including strategic planning and management, he began his career with CNRL in Canada and progressed through a variety of assignments, he founded Frederick Construction, Frederick is responsible for the Frederick Construction team and is responsible for projects in the private and public sectors. its involvement in each project and maintains concrete involvement and responsibility in all construction operations until the end of the project. With his experience, he specializes in design-build projects, the oil and gas industry. A summary of industry projects and awards, outstanding performance evaluations and a list of satisfied customers is a testament to his longstanding commitment to total customer satisfaction.  Today, Frederick Construction experience and management skills ensure that quality, safety and customer service is achieved by the company every day, on every project. He is known among Team Members and clients for fostering collaboration that leads to successful problem-solving and the construction of buildings that become sources of pride and satisfaction. Frederick Evian is the founder and visionary behind Frederick Construction. In 1990, having been surrounded by construction his entire life, Frederick took a leap of faith and left his hometown to become a Project Engineer. Shortly thereafter, he started a small construction business in California, out of the back of his pick up truck. That company would develop into the Frederick Constructions company and one of the most respected names within the building industry. Frederick continues to lead the company, providing leadership, opportunity and compassion. Even with its growth and success, Frederick Construction continues to reflect his personal devotion to family, community and innovation.  A venture philanthropist, Frederick has established a meaningful company culture of giving back, both financially and through hands-on volunteerism. Besides encouraging his Team Members to participate, he has served on numerous boards and charitable organizations, including Rebuilding Together Peninsula, Shelter Network and the Peninsula Conflict Resolution Center.  dynamic individual who never forgets a name. It’s been said his greatest strength is the ability to identify talent and surround himself with good people. From his company’s beginning, he has demonstrated a profound commitment to customer service and quality craftsmanship. Combined with his decades of experience, he and Frederick Construction have forged a reputation that is nearly unmatched in the building industry. Frederick is routinely sought after for his commentary and advice on issues facing the construction sector.  A construction veteran with more than 25 years in the industry, Frederick specializing in commercial construction management, tenant improvements, design build projects and more. His passion for quality construction is evident in everything he touches. He’s known for his fair and honest approach to business and by achieving lasting results. Whether building relationships, quality structures, providing leadership or contributing to the strategic direction of the company — Frederick is committed to being the best. A highly talented and knowledgeable executive, enjoys teaching and mentoring future industry leaders. His definition of success is seeing the growth and development of those he works alongside. Frederick passion for construction developed at a young age. He successfully passed the Structural Engineering Exam and is currently licensed in the State of California.    Contents  1 Early Life  2 Career  3 Personal Life  4. MAKE APPOINTMENT    Early Life  Frederick is the only son of his parents, lost his father when he was young, grew up with his mother, he studied at the University of Toronto for an MTA certificate. graduated from Oklahoma State University with an MBA. later continued his studies in California, where he received the title of Certified Plant Engineer. received his Bachelor in Construction Management, he received a B.S.C.E. and M.S.C.E. He also graduated from the Stanford Executive Program in 2009.  Career  Frederick Evian continues to build a robust general contracting firm known for its commitment to quality and professionalism, Frederick provides strategic vision and oversight. He takes great pride in making a positive impact in the construction industry, exceeding client expectations and making Frederick Construction General Contractors a truly exceptional place to work. He is responsible for the development and implementation of both short- and long‐term company-wide strategies to ensure Frederick Construction growth, effectiveness, sustainability. Frederick has spent nearly his entire career, thirty years, in the energy and construction industries. He has founded several companies during that period. As founder of Frederick Construction with experience in the construction industry with extensive Institutional and Construction project portfolios as well as experience managing large, complex multi-use development projects. Frederick began his career as an Assistant Project Manager and evolved into positions including Director of Project Controls and Project Executive for notable Canadian Natural Resources Limited CNRL Firms. Working in both Union and Open Shop environments, he has a vast understanding of construction projects. Frederick is a LEED Accredited Professional and Licensed Construction Supervisor. He has been a member of the Plymouth Building Committee since 2000. Frederick Construction was founded in 1990 but became known in 2003, Frederick Construction, General Contractors, If you need to build something and it is important that it is done right and done on time, then you are a match for us. We provide solutions, we don’t just build stuff. We are your Construction Advisor - this means that we are the manager that hires out all designers and consultants, gets all necessary permits pulled, sets a project budget, creates a master schedule, and provides you with a set of buildable construction drawings in your hand. And then, we make your vision come to life. Understanding the needs of our clients and guiding them through their vision to the final product is our specialty. While we do offer traditional “contractor services,” what sets us apart from our competitors is that we will help you find the best solution - one that is authentic and values both your time and ours - because we care about your future and ours.  Personal Life  Frederick Evian is the proud father of a son named Tyler. His enthusiasm and self-confidence have brought him so far in project management worldwide. He has been found to be very enjoyable to work with and has had great results. Frederick hires engineers to work with him at his company. He founded Frederick Construction himself. Frederick Construction is a small, growing company.    BOOK AN APPOINTMENT WITH FREDERICK ON...  Whatsapp..+49-163-918-4093  Tel...+90-546-149-8652  Email: Frederickconstructions@gmail.com 
